
10/9/2024
1. Today internship class Mr koushik explain for us an logical thinking with an sentance.
2. I know only three logical operators   AND, OR, NOT. Today MR koushik i learned biconditional oprerator. He explain when the condition get satisfied. it become true. 
3. The way of explain the answer by Mr Koushik  is inspire me. because i love teaching and i want to learn a lot of things from him. Always i have an excitement while going to Mr Koushik class
4. Today internship class Mr Koushik explained the sentance
        If you get an A in mathematics. i will buy you an IPAD.
   in this sentance if is an (keyword or an hint).In first sentance if mention that the condition is become true or false(both option). But in second condition they don't mention anything if the condition is not true. the statement is false
5. Today i learn reduce concept in javascript. i learned all the method but i don't have an idea how to use. My mentor Mr varun teaching is inspired me.
6. My mentor Mr varun always give me an lot of ideas to improve myself. I know he know everything. if any doubt is occur im search in GOOGLING. sometime it can't understand me. He teach me patiently.
7. Today I'm stuggling what should i have to write in the Vim-editor My mentor Mr varun give an lot of idea then i realize lot thing we learned. example if any doubt i can't solve it. Mr varun help me to solve it a point to wrote it.
8. Today while coming in train i watch whatapp status. My friend Mr Suman put the motivational status. so i learned from that don't tell your problem to everyone only share your our problem to the trushed peron and also don't try to prove that your are a good person to everyone. because everyone has problems how to face the problem and how to handle the problem you have to think. Because no one teach the solution for you. everyone give suggession and miserable for you. later on they know your weak. 
9. Do not tell your weakness to anyone always be happy with what u have in our hand. It will give you an positive vibes to you. 
