19/9/24
   today in kowshik he explain the token types, expression and expression groups. a token types are noun, pronoun, verb, adverb, preposition, conjunction, adjective.
Expression sentance are interrogative sentance, exclamatory sentance, statement, proposition they all are expression. Paragraph, Summary, Chapter, book all are 
expression groups. this topic are today teach by kowshik. Today in kowshik he speak an general topic it was very interesting. he ask question to everyone. there are two
person one king is facing 50war but he win only 5war and another face 2war, and he wins in two war. how is best king u want to choose mean he ask everyone. Everyone 
said that the first king please tell the reason he told to us. we said that pattern, strategy, expression, logical think like that we said. but one important thing we 
missied it he never give up. it is strong point kowshik said. success is not winning a crown or medal it not a succcess.  In failure no one can support u everyone was demotivate u 
can't do it. but on that time only u have motivate yourself to move on to the next step is success on my perspective. while u overcome this failure u define the defination 
of life. so one think is more important if u facing problem means it good only. only if u know the failure pain then only u know the value of sweet of success. today
my mentor varun also teach me this topic only. so once u face the error only u can improve yourself. i'm watching the code only i don't do the execution. because i do
the mistake while write the code. so what i do mean i write the code in my note and then do the execution. so error possible will reduce. and also while writing the  
code i understand easily. but today evening i write the code in vscode editor because varun said think is also correct only. mistake occur only error handling think 
will be improves me. but in error handling i facing an stuggle. but varun perspective is also right so i will respect that and follow that he said.
