
11/9/2024
     Today intership class Koushik revise the problem-solving way and then explain the the machine is dump. it can't do anything unless and until without we give an
instruction. and then he want to realize us with an extrordinary example he told you are sitting here now u assume u are the robert. Now u have go to the self and 
arrange the book in the genre wise. so now you have to write the algorithm for that robert. so we write instructions and then myself ranjeth act as a robert my partner
harish read the instructions. then only we realize that how the ,machine is dump. we have to write correctly algorithm to do that. im realize impressed that his way of teaching.
myfriend jayaprakash he have solve three problem yesterday on that one problem is find a mistake and then we discuss about the problem. what he do mean. he directly 
put the problem i chatgpt and solve the answer. in initial time iam also like him only. then only mentor varun u have to improve yourself means don't use the chatgpt
because mistake make person think better. so next time u use that line or command  u realize that u have sit to solve that around some hour or day. so next time u will
do not repeat the mistake. my mentor always told me to googling to find the answer then only your knowledge is improve. so day by day we learn a lot of new think so
googling to find the answer is the first step to improve the way of think. today i learn how use the command prompt with basic level instruction and then i teach that
instructions to my friend jayaprakash some basic instructions i learned. and my friend deeptha give me an idea how she push the file in the github. my friend varun
teach me at lastly because first u have to search and try to find and i can't find clearly and then he teach me how to push the file in github by using the commmand 
prompt. and then he said that u have to search lot of thing and find how to makle it. he always make to improve my thinking power. use chatgpt or googling. so always
focus on the solution. don't focus on the via i like varun teach. because he always molding me from STONE to IDOL. you want to be an idol you have to face a lot of
 pain then only u can be an idol